[Intro: sparse piano, distant pulsing synth bass, whispered half-spoken vocal, BPM 112, Energy: Low]
(breathe in)
Air pollution is a serious problem all over the world.
[Verse 1: intimate near-spoken baritone, tight snare tap on beat 3, minimal reverb]
Please move us to the meeting room for the next hour.
The students will meet their new teachers after the summer vacation.
[Pre-Chorus: rising tenor, add palm-muted guitar pulse, dynamic swell, slight vocal crack on last word]
You can keep your bags in the backroom.
The food crops require a large quantity of water and fertilizer.
[Build: snare roll, stacked gang vocal "oh" underneath, filtered synth rising, Energy: Rising]
(oh-oh)
[Chorus: anthemic belted vocals, huge stomp-clap percussion, tribal toms, Energy: Maximum]
Remember the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
Human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
Communication skills have become more important in recent years.
[Post-Chorus: gang vocals, falling energy, let drums breathe]
(whoa-oh)
[Verse 2: quieter, half-time groove, dark pulsing synth, vocal pulled back to near-whisper]
Food containing overabundant calories supplies little or no nutritional value.
New media journalism is an interesting field of study.
New media is to find new areas to study.
[Pre-Chorus 2: tenor climbing, guitar texture thickening, crescendo strings entering]
The employment demand in engineering is increasing rapidly.
We have a lecture in the morning on Thursday.
[Bridge: stripped to piano and voice, confessional, almost cracking, slow deliberate phrasing]
The use of mobile phone is not permitted in the library.
Many diseases on the list have been eradicated.
Academic libraries across the world are steadily incorporating social media.
[Build: full band re-entering, snare and toms climbing, strings swelling, Energy: Rising to Maximum]
The rising sea temperature is a sign of climate change.
(hold on)
[Final Chorus: full belt, rasp on peak note, stacked harmonies, huge stomp-clap-tom wall, Energy: Maximum]
Remember the prestigious election of student membership has strict eligibility criteria.
Human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
Human beings compete with other species for resources and space.
Communication skills have become more important in recent years.
[Outro: energy falling, instrumentation thinning to piano and bass, vocal softening to near-spoken]
An effective business manager is always open to new ideas.
All of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
[Fade Out: whispered, sparse piano chord ringing out, breath, silence]
All the educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
(fade)
