[Intro: slow pulsing synth, distant tribal kick, atmosphere building]
(oh)
(oh)

[Verse 1: low breathy baritone, half-spoken delivery, sparse piano under the vocal, BPM 112]
The shipwreck of this year ruined some artifacts which were interested in historians.
Criminal charges will be brought against all of the men.
Castles were designed to intimidate both local people and the enemies.
Economic problems caused a big rise in unemployment.

[Pre-Chorus: rising tension, snare rolls entering, vocal gains urgency, slight falsetto lift on last line]
Plants are able to continue growing throughout their lives.
A celebrated theory is still the source of great controversy.
Babies can distinguish between what is language and what is not.

[Chorus: full belt, anthemic, stomps and claps, gang vocals doubling the lead, Energy: Maximum]
Gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
(whoa-oh)
(whoa-oh)

[Verse 2: dynamics drop back to quiet, textured guitar, tight percussion groove, BPM 112]
A good academic paper should be clear.
All industries consist of systems of inputs, processes, outputs and feedback.
Artists, other than politicians, played their own roles as critics of the culture.
Businesses must adapt to the data protection regulations.

[Bridge: stripped down, only piano and heartbeat kick, vocal cracked and intimate, whispered edges]
Companies' projects must adapt to the general data protection regulations.
Convincing evidence to support this theory is hard to obtain.
Although sustainable development is not easy, it is an unavoidable responsibility.

[Build: strings swelling, drums layering back in, tempo pushing forward, crescendo toward the drop]
Exotic activities can help students develop more talents.
Experts say learning and listening to music can reduce the stress.
(hold on)

[Final Chorus: huge stacked harmonies, full band, biggest dynamic of the song, Energy: Maximum]
Gravity is the force that attracts two bodies from one another.
Extracurricular activities can help students to develop more talents.
(whoa-oh)
(whoa-oh)

[Outro: energy falls away, lone voice over fading synth pad, slow fade out]
Are these real PTE exam questions?
Foods containing overabundant calories supply little or no nutritional value.
(oh)

[End]
