[Intro: hushed, half-spoken baritone, distant piano, heartbeat kick, BPM 108]
(soft breath)
She began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.

[Verse 1: low restrained delivery, tight dry vocal, rising dynamics, BPM 108]
Globalization has been an overwhelming urbanization phenomenon.
Industries now bring more job opportunities than agriculture and fishing combined.
Many important policies need to be made.

[Pre-Chorus: vocal climbing, snare building, add tribal toms, crescendo into chorus]
Having strong motivation is vital for achieving your goal.
It helps you to rationally assess your arguments.
Rising inflation may indicate the increasing demand for consumer products.

[Chorus: anthemic belted vocals, stadium claps, gang vocals, Energy: Maximum, BPM 112]
How should I practise Write From Dictation?
(oh-oh)
How often is this page updated?
Please click on the logo above to enter the site.
How should I practise Write From Dictation?
(whoa)

[Verse 2: pull back to intimate falsetto, sparse guitar, breathy phrasing]
Humans use symbolic languages to communicate plans and contentions.
It is interesting to observe the development of language skills of toddlers.
Many birds migrated to the warmer area for winter.
Psychologists say what we have experienced influences our behaviors.

[Bridge: darker synth pad, half-spoken then cracking into belt, tension rising]
He wrote poetry and plays as well as scientific papers.
I will now demonstrate how the reaction can be arrested by adding a dilute acid.
Providers of higher education treat plagiarism extremely seriously.

[Build: drums stripped to toms and claps, tension escalating, filter sweep up, BPM pushing to 116]
Lots of people turned out to be at the presidential address.
Scientific experiments should be repeated in order to verify the results.

[Final Chorus: full band, huge stacked harmonies, strings swelling, Energy: Maximum]
How should I practise Write From Dictation?
How often is this page updated?
Please click on the logo above to enter the site.
Scientists found most of the studies today.
How should I practise Write From Dictation?
(hold on)

[Outro: strip back to piano and voice, fade, whispered final breath, BPM slowing to 100]
(fade out)
