[Intro: slow heartbeat kick, distant piano, low synth drone, Energy: Low]
(ohh)
(ohh)

[Verse 1: half-spoken baritone, sparse electric piano, breath audible between lines]
Students are advised to use multiple methods for this project.
Students are permitted to park in campus parking spaces.
Students are recommended to read new books by professor Johns.
Students may only use parking cards in authorized university parking space.

[Pre-Chorus: tension rising, muted toms entering, vocal climbing toward chest voice]
Students would develop confidence in their ability to think critically.
The British students need to study mathematics in secondary school.
(building, building)

[Chorus: anthemic belted vocals | stadium claps | huge tribal drums | Energy: Maximum]
That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
Technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
The essay will argue that technology does more harm than good.
That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
(whoa-oh, whoa-oh)

[Verse 2: dynamics drop back down, pulsing bass, vocal restrained again, Energy: Low-Mid]
Strangely, people are impacted by spontaneously using statistics.
Sugar is a compound including carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen atoms.
The closing date for applications for travel scholarships is next Monday.
The course covers architecture planning and construction on the international scale.

[Bridge: intimate falsetto, stripped to piano and strings, Tempo: rubato feel]
The course will start with the history of architecture.
The disease that was serious has now been eradicated.
The falling birth rate means the number of students drops.
(hold on)

[Build: snare roll crescendo, layered gang vocals entering gradually, Energy: Rising to Maximum]
The exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
The extent of advertising on children is very much open to debate.

[Final Chorus: full band, stacked harmonies, huge drums | tribal stomps and claps | Energy: Maximum]
That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
Technology is no longer a simple tool that we can control.
The essay will argue that technology does more harm than good.
That means they have so many struggling overlaps.
(whoa-oh, whoa-oh)

[Outro: energy fading, warm acoustic guitar, vocal softening to near-whisper, Fade Out]
The faculty staff are very approachable, helpful and extremely friendly.
The garden behind the university is open to the public in summer.
(ohh)
