[Intro: sparse piano, filtered synth pulse, BPM 112, whispered half-voice]
(hold on)

[Verse 1: low baritone, almost spoken, breath audible between lines]
The goal of the company is to get investment.
The government is funding research studies on the consequences of unemployment.
The history of this university is a long and interesting one.
The island is located at the south end of the bay .

[Pre-Chorus: rising tension, add muted toms, voice climbing toward chest register]
The meeting has some struggling overlaps.
The new media has transformed the traditional, national boundaries.
The opening hours of the library are reduced during summer.

[Chorus: anthemic belted vocals | stadium claps | gang vocals doubling the hook | Energy: Maximum]
The output should be proportional to the input.
The plight of wildlife has been ignored by many developers.
The posters are on display at the larger lecture theatre.
The toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
(whoa-oh)

[Verse 2: pull back to quiet, pulsing bass only, intimate falsetto on final word of each line]
The reception staff can give information of renting and printing.
The scholarship is available for both local and international students.
The scientific beneficiary of space exploration is frequently questioned.
The skills of great stage actors cannot be taught.

[Bridge: dark synth layers, strings swelling underneath, voice cracking with emotion]
The stock market redesigned the market throughout the world.
The teaching staff are actively engaged in the original research.
The timetable for the new term will be available next week.

[Build: snare roll accelerating, stomp-clap pattern doubling every two bars, tension rising to the drop]
The topic of next week colloquium will be nuclear disarmament.
The toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
(hold on, hold on)

[Final Chorus: full band, belted with rasp, huge drums, choir-like stacked harmonies, Energy: Maximum]
The toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
The two sides have disagreed on how to solve the problem.
(whoa-oh)

[Outro: strip back to piano and voice, decrescendo, final word held and faded]
The toughest part of research for undergraduate education is funding.
(fade)

[End]
